G'day from a fellow tradie: I'd like to take a moment of your time to introduce you to my new advertising app for 
tradies. It is called https:/www.find-a-tradie.com.au.

As a gardener myself I have created https:/www.find-a-tradie.com.au with the mindset of a tradie, and with the 
needs of tradies in mind. In the current economic circumstances, I am sure that you are feeling the financial 
pressure as people stop or reduce their discretionary spending. Especially if you are a tradie in sectors which 
typically have low job values and high competition, such as gardening, lawn mowing etc. Alternatively, if you 
have just started out as a new small business tradie, then you will be able to promote your business at minimal cost. 

With my competitors such as HiPages, ServiceSeeking and OneFlare you can easily find yourself spending more money on 
advertising with them over a month than you can earn from paid jobs through them. This is because you have to ‘spend’ 
points or pay extra to obtain customer contact details, regardless of whether you end up winning those jobs. That is 
not an issue with https:/www.find-a-tradie.com.au . We only charge you a flat annual membership fee of $10 per month 
or $120 per year. In addition, for that, you can try for as many jobs as you want - there is no limit. You are 
guaranteed to make more money than you spend on membership over 12 months. However, every new tradie regardless of when 
you join up gets their first 6 months of membership for no fee.

Also unlike my competitors, I will not unilaterally create an account for your business without your consent and then 
invite you to take control of it. This email is an invitation to you to register your own account if you think 
https:/www.find-a-tradie.com.au may be of benefit to your small trade business. Customers, who are looking for a tradie, 
can join for no charge at all times. 

What is different about https:/www.find-a-tradie.com.au compared to the other HiPages, ServiceSeeking and OneFlare?

The service uses a feedback based mutual trust system similar to eBay. BOTH customers AND tradies need to be members in 
order to use this service. And that is because BOTH are subject to feedback history. Tradies can check the feedback 
history (have they always paid on time, are they easy to deal with,…..) of clients, before deciding to do any jobs for 
them.

If this sounds like a better way to advertise your business and get paid jobs then sign up to day. Remember your 
first 6 months won't cost you anything. 

Thanks for your time.
